Added some important notes about purpose of db_schema_whitelist.json … (#4335)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/declarative-schema/db-schema.md

    </table>
</schema>
```

> Remember that it is possible to drop column only if it exists in `db_schema_whitelist.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{: .bs-callout .bs-callout-info}
It is possible to drop a column only if it exists in the `db_schema_whitelist.json` file.
```

    </table>
</schema>
```

> Remember that it is possible to drop a foreign key only if it exists in `db_schema_whitelist.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{: .bs-callout .bs-callout-info}
It is possible to drop a foreign key only if it exists in the `db_schema_whitelist.json` file.
```
